the mage abu dhabi men leaving the exhaust
for the opening of government
after bringing up
did not rule out the hypothesis
and he is coming
we believe that the hydrogen and design between 01 and 20 is the fuel of the
Future eliminated guinea among renewable energy sources clean the means of
transportation shall not be punishment at all and may be
renewable without producing carbon dioxide
hydrogen is the most abundant element in the universe about 92 per
cent of the universe is made of brasilia
three young people were brook and this is my testimony of the future we have resources
abundant in the form of water and in the form of hydrocarbons underground
as well as in the form of grasses of trees on the surface
as everyone learned in chemistry class water is made of two
Hydrogen atoms 21 should be released today and to separate the two
we use electrolysis
gas production is instantaneous
because this process
is to dismember the molecule of its hydrogen components secrecy worse
the hydrogen separates and is captured as a house
but how does this palpable fuel work on horses
certainly growth requires a car with a fuel cell cell
fuel and energy
is the inverse of the electrolysis process
to 5 billion hydrogen and oxygen to generate electricity
many people are moved the councilman however
like gasoline today only with glass second
and you have the air intake as the entity waits for the cell of
and from an electricity generator the water comes out at
leakage to time waiting for electricity supply electric supply
do the vacancies of rodrigo
The only purpose of hydrogen as a fuel is to supply the engine
electric
why will they simply drive an electric car
what is the advantage of the fuel cell here we can go further
to load much faster
refueling takes about 5 minutes
compared to a full night's load for the vehicle totally
electric
not convinced
revealed hydrogen-only chassis
This is the month that Ford
this extremely predictable platform depending on the type of vehicle we can
change the length and width
it will be made of steel and aluminum today composed of carbon fiber and
high resistance
everything is settled in here
tanks hydrogen fuel cell system to voters
reversing and four undercarriages give the fuel cells generate
electricity in a direct way differently from the
internal combustion and with that electricity make them run
systems such as brakes and steering
therefore the hydrogen-powered platform is a plant
self-sustaining for your car
and believe if you want your future hydrogen-powered car can also supply
your home the fuel cell generates electricity in
excess that you can sell back to the concessions cases pass the greater
part of the time for 210 we hear the car about 10% of the time
this gives the opportunity to be a vehicle to create synergy
which can be integrated into the power grid I am harry barnes vice president of
research and development and general motors planning therefore
this ability to use the car to generate power changes the role of the automobile
I simply say transport to a mobile energy platform
so thanks to the hydrogen charity while your car is stationary it may
provide electrical power to your home
and bought
this class is afraid to avoid
O
- safety
hydrogen fuel is not a good idea
we did not put plutonium in the attack, hydrogen did not cause
disaster of the Hindenburg airship it occurred because of the ignition of the
that it is highly unlikely that the aluminum in the
we forget the fact that when the internal combustion
emerged
many newspapers protested by saying both individuals
You'll drive on a lot of gasoline.
any accident that happened would make your car exploded in flames no one
would want a gas pump close to home
well this is the world we live in
the gas pumps are scattered around and when an accident happens
We're afraid the car will catch fire.
now in relation to hydrogen people are saying the same thing
hydrogen is a flammable substance
and also gasoline also
between humans should be second there is a big difference between the two technician
genin is a very serious case fourteen times lighter than air many aspects
hydrogen fuel cells
of hydrogen earlier because gasoline
Believe if you want, it's the truth.
hydrogen requires more pressure to combust and it ignites
temperatures that would not burn the taste to the foot
but perhaps the most important is that as hydrogen is lighter than air the
leakage would spill all the way up gasoline spreads on the floor
creating a larger flammable area
but in the same way that gasoline storage of this volatile liquid is
An important issue are the ones that store hydrogen are extremely
stronger and more resistant than gasoline
the hydrogen tanks of the cases are made with polycarbonate if
incredibly durable visited the center already circulated today from the birthing soles
but the safety of the hge state is no problem its production and distribution
consumer is proving to be a major challenge.
so far
Welcome to Norway where hydrogen is extracted from the water almost 80 years
I was well today, it's not a source of energy.
energy the first minute that electricity should be generated from
something can be extracted the stones would be coal
the back also a new carbon-bearing city that causes greenhouse effect
if we can use the energy in a renewed way but we will have the solution
in the process of developing our own process of electrolysis in the
twenties
based on the electronic call
the process is essentially the same as us the years of life in the 1920s
but optimized and modernized several times from here to here
we received seven cities in the region
and so we know that the electricity we find is actually from a source
renewable
we put him in the water
patients on waiting list
we put it in 3d
it's not a little water